Extend roadmap: input file=type (#495)
w3c/webdriver-bidi: roadmap.md

- [x] Everything from the previous scenario
- [x] [Emulating keyboard input](https://w3c.github.io/webdriver-bidi/#command-input-performActions)
- [x] [Emulating mouse input](https://w3c.github.io/webdriver-bidi/#command-input-performActions)

> - [ ] [Filling out input type=file](https://github.com/w3c/webdriver-bidi/issues/494)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] [Filling out `<input type=file>`](https://github.com/w3c/webdriver-bidi/issues/494)
```

> - [ ] [Filling out `<input type=file>`](https://github.com/w3c/webdriver-bidi/issues/494)

Reviewer 2: "Filling out" doesn't exactly convey the scope to me. It seems like the proposed scope is "Set local file paths on `<input type=file>`" i.e. this doesn't cover uploading file data or similar.

Reviewer 3: There is now another issue for that with a proposal. As such we can close this one.

> - [ ] [Filling out `<input type=file>`](https://github.com/w3c/webdriver-bidi/issues/494)

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] [Ability to test and fill out file inputs](https://github.com/w3c/webdriver-bidi/issues/494)
```

Author: @jgraham WDYT?

> - [ ] [Ability to test and fill out file inputs](https://github.com/w3c/webdriver-bidi/issues/494)

Author: ```suggestion
- [x] [Ability to set files on file inputs](https://w3c.github.io/webdriver-bidi/#command-input-setFiles)
```
